by dinner on a few they're typically
pretty fun they just cause odd crap
between other people behave oh yeah no I
think it's really good you get people in
Skype to play you do first ten and then
before and after you get them talking
trash to each other I just think that's
fun to watch get that low and good three
a good push back yeah walking that
spacing this stage does not really see
the spacing style though the second
round
it gets dancehall it's small so it's
gonna fire for prey look over time yeah
and especially considering that losing
the early rounds does not bode well for
him at how it means to win these first
round but that was worth waiting on
black oh it was my intention Rick that
still in there and Oh powder here
three-piece Marty wolf takes it down
fighting these a whinnies first rounds
we still have space to move around there
celebration diggity they said 1k great
day one eyes good reads by death good
blah
there's that punish that remains patient
pays off already blinking yellow that
party up Siddal has a slight lead let's
do an oaky just refer our that's one one
goes up good people to stands at the 8
million Grubbs he's really good getting
people that dot coming it matters yeah
oh good timing the half-life there's a
lot to do now this dot a little bit
damage do what you can
a Potts just run I'm assuming all right
steps in the Cuban take us out probably
was blinking he's stuck though she with
us have a lot of Peter I don't know how
that went under a a but the work Oh
sometimes the gods itself delivers to
just agree that stuff happen and very
soon to do pieces not working for him
it's not break soon well kini dutifully
you can do it breaking yeah yeah Ramone
was telling me about that earlier when
you learn how to tie the right after you
hit a six eight feet on the ground keep
doing it you can guess you could do it
again and it'll be everything that sets
hand of a gun yeah so when you get
someone to the point where 660 breaks to
me they just have to stand up and take
it like you do stand up and take it or
usually like I don't see what this he
picked and the rematch I really don't
agree with this yeah I was a night run
off the state line
yeah you would think that but a lot of
times you're on stage and the pressures
on your mind is just sewing tuned on
what you have to do within the match I
understand thinking about that between
90 I think that one thing is something
he needs to win the match is free rein
to move yes
oh yeah most definitely that's not
playing into his favor at all what the
real artists
if you can rock up a couple ring outs
this day Japan out really well it's
working out they see we get a lot of
ballgames that's the other thing like
maybe he wants the damage lotion on the
gate I'll gie break he needs it's not
kids I'm talking and she can't ask you
out
I like that so he went straight for the
big damage gamble when he was behind in
life that's something you really need to
do to be able to make comebacks yeah
sevens fine be punished on chest guard
Oh stab man there goes that life lead
right Marty wolf is struggling to
maintain footing good catches him
running six baby dirty I piece it again
I'm not agreeing with this I would
change stages I'm washing into it and
his plan may not be that good huh that
work he got some damage oh oh my god
that's every moment special oh that
works big damage father
nobody confirming its damage anyway
Shivam at bay with that range man Steph
has to go all the way from here
piloff takes around are you were finally
husband my sleeve he's over killing
because he doesn't care
go hand man alright give me what he
needs
pajamas and ball pressure might be back
oh the wall with the JCB d and that was
it no more chances that's demoralizing
can he come back from that
oh yeah oh he's going him ok what he's
going hand like he said go big or go
home man this ain't no dress rehearsal
all right Oh stuffy yes not work once
he's fucking into that yeah he's being
way too ants in a week I'm disrespectful
way too much like they're it's not it's
not working smash microcell I have to
wonder how much stage experience party
will cast I don't know feet off base in
the first time is like never a good
thing for your brain yeah that's not
punished no punish that slip to it no
hit confirm right now that was gonna
wear this I was smart Hardy wolf stays
alive all right probably needs to win
this round to keep his life before night
he's got a ton of eager oh I mean
uh-huh onto something now is the time
all right Tara listen back to the eggs
summon the nonsense he doesn't can you
come play it's not working out it was
not a bad but that could work
yeah that's gonna get me positioning all
right oh how to roll my goodness arm he
has life
that's all she wrote the seven Heights
advances party wolf some a topic the
choice
I need topic I was impressive